buckets: document CopyFile operation for storage buckets (#2375)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-buckets.md

For more deletion options (pattern-based filtering, recursive removal, etc.), see the [`huggingface_hub` delete guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/buckets#delete-files).

### Copying files between repos and buckets

You can copy [Xet](./xet/index)-tracked files from any repository (model, dataset, Space) or bucket into a destination bucket without re-uploading the data. The copy is server-side: only the Xet content hashes are migrated, so even very large files are copied instantly.

> [!NOTE]

> > Only Xet-tracked files are copied server-to-server. Small non-Xet files (e.g. config files, READMEs), are automatically downloaded and re-uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only Xet-tracked files are copied server-to-server. Small non-Xet files (e.g., config files and READMEs) are automatically downloaded and re-uploaded.
```

> > Only Xet-tracked files can be copied this way. For small non-Xet files (e.g. config files, READMEs), download and re-upload them instead — they are lightweight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Only Xet-tracked files are copied server-to-server. Small non-Xet files (e.g. config files, READMEs), are automatically downloaded and re-uploaded.
```

**CLI:**
```bash
hf buckets cp \
  hf://datasets/HuggingFaceFW/fineweb/data \

>   hf://buckets/{your_username}/fineweb-data

Author: ```suggestion
  hf://buckets/username/my-bucket
```

keeping it consistent with other contents

```

**Python:**
```python
from huggingface_hub import HfApi

api = HfApi()

api.copy_files(
    "hf://datasets/HuggingFaceFW/fineweb/data",

>     "hf://buckets/{your_username}/fineweb-data",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "hf://buckets/username/fineweb-data",
```

Reviewer: nit but usually pattern in docs for username placeholder

)
```

> The caller must have read access to the source repository/bucket and write access to the destination bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need read access to the source repository or bucket and write access to the destination bucket.
```

Buckets serve as staging areas for data processing workflows. Process raw data, write intermediate outputs to a bucket, then promote the final artifact to a versioned [Dataset](./datasets) repository when the pipeline completes. This keeps your versioned repo clean while giving your pipeline fast mutable storage.

> Note that transferring data from a Bucket to a repository without reuploading is not yet available, but is on the roadmap.

Reviewer 3: that comment is still valid, @mishig25

Reviewer 3: (reminder to please review your agentic PRs before setting them as ready to review)

Author: > that comment is still valid, @mishig25

handled in https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/2375#discussion_r3072445315

> (reminder to please review your agentic PRs before setting them as ready to review)

I did review all the PRs I submitted: this PR, #2376, #2377 (as proof, you will see force-pushes and/or followup commits I made after the initial PR, and hand-edited PR descriptions in all three). And only making them as `ready` after my review so that the implementors of the features can catch inaccuracies such as above I didn't catch on my review/understanding of the feature

> You can [copy Xet-tracked files](#copying-files-between-repos-and-buckets) between repositories and buckets server-side, without re-uploading.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that transferring data from a Bucket to a repository without reuploading is not yet available, but is on the roadmap.
```
